[Got it]
Khun!
Stella!
Ugh, seriously?
What's going on between them?
Hello.
You can't even hold your liquor.
Why drink so much?
You live pretty far, too.
Don't drink too much next time.
Thanks for getting me home that night.
That's it?
What?
You were drooling like crazy in your sleep.
Ruined my pants.
Let's be more careful next time.
I'll take that.
Stop!
Do it again.
Just you.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
What are you doing?
You keep getting it wrong!
I'm sorry, sir.
It isn't just Jae Min, honestly.
It's all of you.
Hyun Jae's the only one keeping up here.
You all want to drag him down?
Huh?
Riding on his coattails?
You should be ashamed.
And you're the worst of them, Shin Jae Min.
Don't you think you're holding everyone back?
I'm more than ten years older than you,
and I practice every day.
What's your excuse?
Huh?
Say something.
You made it.
Grab a seat over there.
- Must be nice. All by himself.
- Right?
You'd think he already debuted.
He did debut, though.
Hey, from the top.
Stop!
Did you just stop on your own?
- No, it's not that...
- Hey!
You think this is a joke?
Who said you could break the flow?
I'm sorry.
Again.
Focus.
What I went over today,
have it down by tomorrow.
Am I making myself clear?
Practice at two tomorrow.
That's it.
- Thank you.
What is it?
Try counting the beat a different way.
How?
You keep missing this part
because you're counting it as one,
but connect it
and count it as two instead.
One, two...
- There it is!
- See?
It's not your fault.
He just doesn't know how to teach.
No.
I just couldn't keep up.
If someone can't keep up,
the teacher should teach better,
not blame them.
What a massive jerk.
Why do people learn curse words so fast?
Hell if I know.
Heading out?
No, I want to keep practicing.
It's late. You go ahead.
That actually would help me.
I can't focus with you here.
Why do you work so hard?
Because I want to do it...
with you.
You all want to drag him down? Huh?
You're free to walk away,
but more people are
rooting for you than you think.
[Mom]
Mom.
Yeah.
Mom, I...
Let me try just one more time.
Guess a big company doesn't mean much.
Look at this filthy practice room.
The practice room at our old agency
used to be so clean...
Hyun Jae's so lucky.
Off on a business trip with the boss,
skipping practice.
So jealous.
Hey, if you're so jealous,
step up and debut already.
They have to pick me first.
[Every day at 4 AM]
You don't drink that, do you?
You're right.
Warm.
See you around.
Soft.
Hey! That's cheating!
That's awesome.
Khun. It's all thanks to you.
Thank you.
You're the one who works hard.
Khun.
Do you have plans?
You like it?
Yeah.
Well, this is our first time
going out for drinks together.
We were supposed to hit all the nice spots.
Dancing has been my problem
since day one as a trainee.
Years in, and it's still hard.
Were you always good?
Of course.
Good at singing too?
Life's so unfair.
You sing, you dance, you write songs.
Is there anything you can't do?
Curious?
Stick around and you might find out.
[Stella: Where are you?]
Stella!
Jae Min.
I want you to meet someone.
Shin Jae Min, you idiot.
Hold on! Don't come in. I mean it!
- Huh?
- Stayed out again?
Seriously, who are you seeing?
It's not like that.
What's going on with you and Stella...
The fans want to see the two of you.
So we'll shoot some videos with just you two.
For the making-of video
we're filming this time...
Why don't you two do it together?
What do you think?
Good morning!
Time to head to the shoot.